You don't see me in Los Angeles a lot. I go back home. Because I can't play the game. I can't ' my tolerance ' I know I'm getting old; I'll be 50 this year. And you know how I know I'm getting old? 'Cause my tolerance level is low.
I don't need to pat myself on the back until my arm breaks. I don't need any of that.
I hate to let people down. I was like that in sports and I was like that in comedy. I was like that at work. When I worked General Motors and stuff like that, when I say something, I mean it.
I don't have no story. Everybody wants this Hollywood story, but the world don't owe you nothing, man. It's what you owe the world.
Like a lot of black people, I grew up straight po. Wasn't no question about whether we was po', either. If you really wanted to know, all you had to do was look in our refrigerator.
You know you poor when you eatin' breakfast food late. You fryin' toast? At nine o'clock at night? With bacon? You're broke.
As I got older, I got into all kinds of things in the streets ' but for some reason, I never got caught up with the gangs growing up. Everybody dug me, man. I never had problems.
My name is Bernard Jeffrey McCullough, but people know me as Bernie Mac. My mama, God rest her soul ' she used to call me Beanie. Used to say, 'Don't you worry about Beanie. Beanie gonna be just fine. Beanie gonna surprise everyone.'
I was born October 5, 1957, on the South Side of Chicago, in the Woodlawn area, a neighborhood that hasn't changed much in forty-five years. Our house was on 66th and Blackstone, but the city tore it down when the rats took over.
People like rumors. They're going to say things like, 'You was at the club with Lil' Kim, and you and Kanye West got into a fist fight.' You can't get upset. You've got to keep hope alive.
I'm a big fan of TV.
I'm not ashamed to tell the truth about what happened in my family. I think that's what makes my comedy different.
You're never going to see me playing a buffoon.
I think a lot of TV insults the audience.
I was a street performer for two years.
Comedy has been so good to me.
I came from a place where there wasn't a lot of joy.
The one thing about comedy, making it become a part of you, the audience loves it, because you become part of them.
We're so politically correct; we take things so seriously.
When I go onstage, I want to relieve your mind, your pressures.
I want to speak directly to the audience, to say, 'I'm like you ' I'm frustrated, I'm not an expert, I don't have a manual on parenting, I make mistakes, I'm selfish too.'
I've been in training for stardom.
Bernie Mac is talented!
Bernie Mac is happy.
Bernie Mac is relentless. That's one thing I like about him. He's not PC. He doesn't care what you think. He's going out there to please that audience.
I was good at keeping my mother from crying.
I ain't running for office. I ain't running for nothing.
My humor had changed from foolishness to making sense.
The two sides of Bernie ' that's a quiet weapon that I have.
When you're offstage, that's the footprint. That's the man God's gonna judge.
I love who I am. I love what I've become.
I'm so black, I leave fingerprints on coal.
I don't think the people wanna see me play Clyde Johnson the architect.
Black audiences are hard. They always think they're better than you. So you got to come with a little extra to satisfy them.
Why do people love Richard Pryor so much? 'Cause he had problems.
I've never been no superficial cat.
I don't ever watch myself. By watching, you try to perfect yourself, become a robot.
My girlfriend Rhonda, who's now my wife, I graduated from high school, she got pregnant. My grandfather said, 'You've got to do the right thing.'
I know doing movies is where I need to be. That's where my audience wants to see me.
I can act. I've been acting for a long time, but like anything else, don't nobody owe you nothing. You've go to pay your dues. You go from A to Z; you don't go from M to Z.
I want to play a villain ' I can't wait to play a villain.
It's a pleasure to work with someone who is just as strong as you are.
I came up in the community center. I used to be physical director of the South Central Community Center in Chicago on 83rd. It's still there. It used to be around there when I was a kid.
Election days come and go. But the struggle of the people to create a government which represents all of us and not just the one percent ' a government based on the principles of economic, social, racial and environmental justice ' that struggle continues.
The cost of college education today is so high that many young people are giving up their dream of going to college, while many others are graduating deeply in debt.
At the current $5.15 an hour, the federal minimum wage has become a poverty wage. A full-time worker with one child lives below the official poverty line.
These are the same people who believe, in some cases, the federal government should not play any role in providing health care to our people or protecting the environment.
Washington is dominated by big money.
Two-thirds of the directors at the New York Fed are hand-picked by the same bankers that the Fed is in charge of regulating.
Every working family in America knows how hard it is today to find affordable childcare or early childhood education.
A president and a party that can provide insurance for 31 million more Americans is far preferable to most voters than a party that only says, 'No.'
The U.S. constitution is an extraordinary document. In my view, it should not be amended often.
Let us wage a moral and political war against the billionaires and corporate leaders, on Wall Street and elsewhere, whose policies and greed are destroying the middle class of America.
One in four corporations doesn't pay any taxes.
Low-income people, racial or ethnic minorities, pregnant women, seniors, people with special needs, people in rural areas ' they all have a much harder time accessing a dentist than other groups of Americans.
Do the elected officials in Washington stand with ordinary Americans ' working families, children, the elderly, the poor ' or will the extraordinary power of billionaire campaign contributors and Big Money prevail? The American people, by the millions, must send Congress the answer to that question.
In my view, a corporation is not a person. A corporation does not have First Amendment rights to spend as much money as it wants, without disclosure, on a political campaign.
You've got the top 400 Americans owning more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans. Most folks do not think that is right.
I see a future where getting to work or to school or to the store does not have to cause pollution.
We all remember the BP oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, the worst oil spill in U.S. history. What is less well known is that BP is claiming a 9.9 billion tax deduction on the money they had to spend cleaning up their own mess and paying for damages they caused. That is absurd.
Every day we are paying more for energy than we should due to poor insulation, inefficient lights, appliances, and heating and cooling equipment ' money we could save by investing in energy efficiency.
There are very powerful and wealthy special interests who want to privatize or dismember virtually every function that government now performs, whether it is Social Security, Medicare, public education or the Postal Service.
I'm not always a smiley kind of guy.
The goal of real healthcare reform must be high-quality, universal coverage in a cost-effective way.
Progressive activists are angry that a Medicare-for-all single-payer approach was totally ignored during the health care debate.
At its worst, Washington is a place where name-calling partisan politics too often trumps policy.
If you ask me about my views on the environment, on women's rights, on gay rights, I am liberal. I don't have a problem with that at all. Some of my best friends are liberal.
The details of what the Fed did were kept secret until a provision in the Dodd-Frank Act that I sponsored required the Government Accountability Office to audit the Fed's lending programs during the financial crisis.
Finally, let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win. When men and women stand together for justice, we win. When black, white and Hispanic people stand together for justice, we win.
What Wall Street and credit card companies are doing is really not much different from what gangsters and loan sharks do who make predatory loans. While the bankers wear three-piece suits and don't break the knee caps of those who can't pay back, they still are destroying people's lives.
Coal and oil lobbyists added fossil fuels to a bill aimed at helping American manufacturers, so they too could claim 'manufacturing' tax deductions.
Establishing a 0.03 percent Wall Street speculation fee, similar to what we had from 1914-1966, would dampen the dangerous level of speculation and gambling on Wall Street, encourage the financial sector to invest in the productive economy and reduce the deficit by more than $350 billion over 10 years.
If a financial institution is too big to fail, it is too big to exist.
For every $1 billion we invest in public transportation, we create 30,000 jobs, save thousands of dollars a year for each commuter, and dramatically cut greenhouse gas emissions.
Not only must we fight to end disastrous unfettered free trade agreements with China, Mexico, and other low wage countries, we must fight to fundamentally rewrite our trade agreements so that American products, not jobs, are our number one export.
We need an energy revolution by breaking our dependence on fossil fuels, polluting fuels' I am very, very confident our small state will lead this. We will be noticed by the country and the world.
There are a lot of smart honest, progressive people who I think can be good presidents.
Difficult times often bring out the best in people.
The Federal Reserve has a responsibility to ensure the safety and soundness of financial institutions and to contain systemic risks in financial markets.
Social Security is a promise that we cannot and must not break.
Look, if you have somebody who doesn't have health insurance, who doesn't have a doctor or dentist, and in order to deal with their cold or flu or dental problem, they go to an emergency room ' in general, that visit will cost ten times more than walking into a community health center.
In 1999, Hoffmann-LaRoche paid a $500 million criminal fine for leading a worldwide conspiracy to fix prices for certain vitamins.
Former Senator Al D'Amato in 1991 offered an amendment to cap credit card interest rates at 14 percent.
The Fed has got to become a more democratic institution that is responsive to the needs of the middle class, not just Wall Street CEOs.
The Federal Reserve has the responsibility to protect the credit rights of consumers.
In any democratic, civilized ' even non-democratic nations, if you are a nation, it means to say that in our case, if there's a hurricane in Louisiana, the people of Vermont are there for them. If there's a tornado in the Midwest, we are there for them. If there's flooding in the East Coast, the people in California are there for us.
For many, the American dream has become a nightmare.
The Occupy Wall Street protests are shining a national spotlight on the most powerful, dangerous and secretive economic and political force in America.
You know, let me be very clear. I supported Barack Obama originally.
When we talk about the healthcare crisis in America we've got to also be talking about the dental crisis and how to address it.
Each and every year, the United States loses an estimated $100 billion a year in tax revenues due to offshore tax abuses by the wealthy and large corporations.
While commentators on Fox and right-wing radio have the backing of Rupert Murdoch, a major Republican contributor, and other conservative corporations, progressives understand that their position is extremely vulnerable.
Capitalism does a number of things very well: it helps create an entrepreneurial spirit; it gets people motivated to come up with new ideas, and that's a good thing.
For much of America, the all-American values depicted in Norman Rockwell's classic illustrations are idealistic. For those of us from Vermont, they're realistic. That's what we do.
If credit unions can grow and prosper with a 15 percent cap, so can banks.
States used to protect consumers from predatory lenders, but strong state usury laws were obliterated by a 1978 U.S. Supreme Court decision.
Today the biggest problem in caring for those with AIDS is no longer mainly a medical or scientific problem. The crisis is access to affordable drugs.
From the beginning, the HIV/AIDS pandemic has presented very difficult challenges.
I have seven beautiful grandchildren, four of whom are girls.
In 49 countries around the world, including all of Europe, people have the opportunity of knowing whether or not they are eating food which contains genetically engineered ingredients. In the United States, we don't.
Before Social Security existed, about half of America's senior citizens lived in poverty.
It is time for Congress to save the Postal Service, not dismantle it.
It makes a lot more sense for us to be investing in jobs and education rather than jails and incarceration.
Hillary Clinton is listening to the scientists who tell us that ' unless we act boldly and transform our energy system in the very near future ' there will be more drought, more floods, more acidification of the oceans, more rising sea levels.
Together, together, my friends, we have begun a political revolution to transform America, and that revolution, our revolution, continues!
Yes, we become stronger when black and whites, Latino, Asian American, Native American, when all of us stand together.
While Donald Trump believes in huge tax breaks for billionaires, he believes that states should actually have the right to lower the minimum wage below $7.25. What an outrage!
As a member of both the energy and environment committees, I am constantly astounded by how many of my colleagues prefer to focus on what the government can do for the nuclear or coal industries rather than why the government should support clean and sustainable energy.
If the goal of health-care reform is to provide comprehensive, universal health care in a cost-effective way, the only honest approach is a single-payer approach.
Social Security has nothing to do with the deficit.
If we are serious about moving toward energy independence in a cost-effective way, we should invest in solar energy. If we are serious about cutting air and water pollution and reducing greenhouse gas emissions, we should invest in solar energy.
Our job is to do two things ' to defeat Donald Trump and to elect Hillary Clinton. It is easy to boo, but it is harder to look your kids in the face if we are living under a Trump presidency.
For better or worse, when Sen. Inhofe speaks, the Republican Party follows. And when the Republican Party follows, it is impossible to get real work done in the Congress.
I come from a rural state. People drive 50, 100 miles to and from work every single day. That is true all over America.
As a single-payer advocate, I believe that at the end of the day, if a state goes forward and passed an effective single-payer program, it will demonstrate that you can provide quality health care to every man, woman and child in a more cost-effective way.
I'm not a Democrat, I'm an Independent, but I caucus with the Democrats.
I don't consider myself a pariah.
I thought the Bush economic policy was a disaster. We lost 500,000 private sector jobs during his tenure.
It is incomprehensible that drug companies still get away with charging Americans twice as much, or more, than citizens of Canada or Europe for the exact same drugs manufactured by the exact same companies.
What the American people want to see in their president is somebody who not necessarily can win every fight, but they want to see him stand up and fight for what he believes, take his case to the American people.
Ford's federal income tax rate was just 2.3 percent in 2009 even though it made $3 billion in profits.
The minimum wage in Denmark is about twice that of the United States, and people who are totally out of the labor market or unable to care for themselves have a basic income guarantee of about $100 per day.
The bottom line is that when Senator Inhofe says, 'Global warming is a hoax,' he is just dead wrong, according to the vast majority of climate scientists.
Citizens in a democracy need diverse sources of news and information.
Finland is no utopia.
The history of American democracy, to say the least, has been checkered. Our nation was founded at a time when people of African descent were held in bondage. After slavery was abolished, they were forced to endure legal discrimination for another 100 years.
Hillary Clinton understands that if someone in America this country works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty. She understands that we must raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
I think the overwhelming majority of the American people know that we have got to stand together, that we're going to grow together, that we're going to survive together, and that if we start splintering, we're not going to succeed in a highly competitive international economy.
Here is what the practical impact of Citizens United means. What Citizens United means is that corporations call hundreds of millions of dollars into television ads, radio ads, and other forms of advertising to defeat those candidates who stand up and take them on.
You know, I think many people have the mistaken impression that Congress regulates Wall Street. In truth that's not the case. The real truth is that Wall Street regulates the Congress.
In cold weather states like Vermont, where the weather can get to 20 below zero, home heating assistance is critically important. In fact, it is a life and death issue.
The Federal Reserve needs to provide small businesses in America with the same low-interest loans it gave to foreign banks.
The Department of Defense, the largest single energy consumer in America, is bullish on solar.
There is nobody that I know who believes that Bank of America is a human being who should be entitled for the same constitutional rights that the people of our country are.
We should make a major financial commitment to improving our roads and bridges.
Let us wage a moral and political war against war itself, so that we can cut military spending and use that money for human needs.
I don't believe there's a red state in America where people believe you should cut Medicare, Social Security and veterans' benefits rather than doing away with corporate tax loopholes.
If you look at the newspapers here ' the Washington papers ' most of the discussion deals with campaign gossip.
Wall Street is greedy, reckless and they operate illegally. That's fine. But what do you do?
To be honest with you, I worry about concentration of ownership in media, where you have a handful of media conglomerates largely controlling what we see, hear and read.
Who do you think controls the Republican Party? Big money controls the Republican Party. This is where their campaign contributions come from.
CEOs of large corporations earn 400 times what their workers make. That is not what America is supposed to be about.
I think the American people in many cases want to transform our energy system.
What some of us believe is that it is possible that if chemicals are related to Gulf War illness that some of the more severe symptoms may not erupt until 10 or 20 years down the line.
We still have people in the active duty, and if people are feeling ill, if they're experiencing various symptoms and they're still in the active duty, they're less likely to come forward because that could result in their medical discharge.
You go to Scandinavia, and you will find that people have a much higher standard of living, in terms of education, health care and decent paying jobs.
After all, Wall Street is clearly the most powerful lobbying force on Capitol Hill. From 1998 through 2008, the financial sector spent over $5 billion in lobbying and campaign contributions to deregulate Wall Street.
I am sure that there are some single payer advocates who think the only thing worth fighting for is single payer.
You want to know the way to raise money? Put a transaction fee on Wall Street, so maybe we can curb some of the speculation and raise some money.
I have introduced a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and make it clear that the Congress and state legislatures do have the ability and the power to regulate and get corporate funding out of political campaigns.
Let's be honest, dental care in America is extremely expensive, period.
As a result of the digital age and the decline of first-class mail, there is no question that the Postal Service must change and develop a new business model.
At a time when the Post Office is losing substantial revenue from the instantaneous flow of information by email and on the Internet, slowing mail service is a recipe for disaster.
The Postal Service is a vitally important institution for the American people. It must be saved.
There must be a major economic recovery package which puts Americans to work at decent wages.
Legislation must be passed which undoes the damage caused by excessive de-regulation. That means reinstalling the regulatory firewalls that were ripped down in 1999.
Before Congress cuts funding for Head Start, Social Security, and financial aid for college, we have got to make sure that large, profitable corporations are paying their fair share of taxes.
In 2008, Goldman Sachs only paid 1.1 percent of its income in taxes even though it earned a profit of $2.3 billion and received an almost $800 billion from the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury Department.
Comcast rents modems directly to consumers, thereby competing directly with companies like Zoom. It has every reason to make Zoom modems more expensive or even to drive companies like Zoom out of business.
Progressives know there is something very wrong when a nation divided politically has one major network operating as a propaganda arm of the Republican Party and 90 percent of talk radio is dominated by right-wing extremists.
If there is a silver lining in the action of MSNBC against Keith Olbermann, it is that people will now pay more attention to the political role of corporate media in America.
General Electric, NBC's parent, is one of the largest corporations in the world, with an anti-labor history of outsourcing jobs and with financial links to military and nuclear power industries.
If we completely repealed the estate tax, it would provide an estimated $32 billion tax break for the Walton family ' the founders of Wal-Mart.
Senate Republicans have engaged in a record number of filibusters and other obstructionist tactics.
In 2001, Republicans used reconciliation to pass President Bush's $1.35 trillion tax cut that mainly benefited the wealthy.
In 2005, Republicans passed a 360-page reconciliation bill without a single Democratic vote that provided deep cuts to Medicaid and raised premiums on Medicare beneficiaries.
What the Ten Million Solar Roofs Act does is provide consumer rebates for the purchase and installation of solar systems.
I am not aware how you succeed politically when you insult women, who far more than men consistently provide you with great margins of support.
If we are going to reverse the race to the bottom, workers must have the right to engage in collective bargaining.
Good environmental policy is good economic policy.
The Senate voted 59 to 39 in favor of an amendment I offered to the Budget Resolution calling on the Fed to tell the American people who they loaned $2.2 trillion to and how much each bank received.
Ted Kennedy will go down in history as one of the giants of the U.S. Senate and one the most accomplished legislators in American history.
Ted Kennedy devoted his lifetime to protecting those most in need, and tens of millions of Americans have been the beneficiaries.
Private insurance companies in America are reaping huge profits.
Shouting down and intimidating someone from speaking their mind is not exactly a Vermont town meeting value, nor should it be an American town meeting value.
Nowadays you don't need to be a senator or a CEO or a celebrity to have a voice in the media, and if you happen to be a senator, a CEO or a celebrity, you have a thousand people each with their own respective audiences to hold you accountable.
The right wing has monopolized the AM radio airwaves.
Even the alternative weekly newspapers, traditionally a bastion of progressive thought and analysis, have been bought by a monopoly franchise and made a predictable shift to the right in their coverage of local news.
I see a future where states compete with one another to see which can be the most efficient, and where businesses seek out efficient states in which to locate so they can reap the economic and environmental benefits for their businesses and employees.
It has become clear that the function of a private health insurance is to make as much money as possible. Every dollar not paid out in claims is another dollar made in profits for the company.
In 2004, Warner-Lambert, a division of Pfizer Inc., pled guilty to two felonies and agreed to pay $430 million for fraudulently promoting the drug Neurontin.
In 2003, GlaxoSmithKline paid $88 million in civil fines for overcharging Medicaid for its anti-depressant Paxil.
In 2009, UnitedHealth, a leading insurance company, paid $350 million to settle lawsuits brought by the American Medical Association and other physician groups for shortchanging consumers and physicians for medical services outside its preferred network.
Representative Spencer Bachus is one of the only people I know from Alabama. I bet I'm the only socialist he knows.
In Finland, where 80 percent of workers belong to unions, all employees enjoy at least 30 days paid vacation, and the gap between the rich and poor is far more equitable than in the United States.
Vermonters often ask me whether I am pessimistic about the future of our country. My honest answer is that I am not.
In 1940, then-Senator Harry Truman headed up a Senate Special Committee to Investigate the National Defense Program. In the course of World War II, more than $15 billion in unnecessary and fraudulent defense spending was identified.
For too long, unfunded federal mandates have drained the budgets of states and communities. The strength and vitality of our communities must be restored.
Citigroup, Bank of America, and JP Morgan Chase should not be permitted to charge consumers 25- to 30-percent interest on their credit cards, especially while these banks received over $4 trillion in loans from the Federal Reserve.
When World AIDS Day was first observed in 1988, there was no truly effective treatment for what was almost always a deadly disease.
If the U.S. can transform its domestic market for HIV/AIDS drugs, it will certainly transform the world market and make HIV/AIDS drugs more affordable for everyone, everywhere.
History will record that the Citizens United decision is one of the worst in the history of our country.
The Blunt Amendment would have allowed any employer who provided health insurance, or any insurance company, the right to deny coverage for contraception or any other kind of procedure if the employer had a 'moral' objection to it.
Most of us have not heard about Master Limited Partnerships. These special financing arrangements allow oil and gas investors to avoid paying certain corporate income taxes, but are not available to clean energy businesses.
Fossil fuel corporations are supposed to pay the government fair market royalties in exchange for the right to drill on public lands or in federal waters.
If you want to know if your food contains gluten, aspartame, high fructose corn syrup, trans-fats or MSG, you simply read the ingredients listed on the label.
While I may not agree with all of President Obama's energy policies, I strongly supported his successful effort to double fuel economy standards for cars and trucks to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025.
Mitt Romney's energy policy is a relic of the 19th century. We need a 21st century plan. The fate of the planet is at stake.
Denmark is a small, homogenous nation of about 5.5 million people. The United States is a melting pot of more than 315 million people. No question about it, Denmark and the United States are very different countries.
Danes pay very high taxes, but in return enjoy a quality of life that many Americans would find hard to believe.
Whether you are a low-income elderly woman living at the end of a dirt road in Vermont or a wealthy CEO living on Park Avenue, you get your mail six days a week. And you pay for this service at a cost far less than anywhere else in the industrialized world.
At the insistence of the Bush administration, Congress in 2006 passed legislation that required the Postal Service to prefund, over a 10-year period, 75 years of future retiree health benefits.
Hillary Clinton understands that we have to invest in education and jobs for our young people, not more jails or incarceration.
Yes, we become stronger when men and women, young and old, gay and straight, native-born and immigrant fight together to create the kind of country we all know we can become.
Hillary Clinton will nominate justices to the Supreme Court who are prepared to overturn Citizens United and end the movement toward oligarchy that we are seeing in this country.
I think it makes people in the Pentagon kind of nervous to know that chemical agents and environmental factors could cause so much damage in terms of what may happen in the future.
In Vermont, Governor Madeleine Kunin has given years of service to our state after becoming the state's first female governor in 1985. She is an inspiration to girls throughout Vermont and the country in allowing them to know that the opportunities they have are unlimited.
Of course the Republicans have long wanted to privatize Social Security and destroy it. But Social Security has been the most important and valuable social program in the history of the United States.
I'm not much into speculation.
People don't trust private health insurance companies for all the right reasons.
The deficit crisis is real and must be addressed. But it cannot be solved on the backs of the weak and vulnerable.
I see a future where American companies lead the world in the production of hybrid-plug in cars and electric vehicles.
In terms of job creation, every billion dollars invested in the physical infrastructure creates 47,000 new jobs.
When a mother goes to the store and purchases food for her child, she has the right to know what she is feeding her family.
Health care in Denmark is universal, free of charge and high quality. Everybody is covered as a right of citizenship.
The Koch brothers, through the expenditure of billions of dollars and the creation and support of dozens of extreme right organizations, have taken fringe extremist ideas and made them mainstream within the Republican Party.
Why, over her political career has Wall Street been a major ' the major campaign contributor to Hillary Clinton? You know, maybe they're dumb and they don't know what they're going to get, but I don't think so.
We have got to defeat Donald Trump, and we have got to elect Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine.
While Donald Trump is busy insulting one group after another, Hillary Clinton understands that our diversity is one of our greatest strengths. Yes. We become stronger when black and white, Latino, Asian-American, Native American ' when all of us stand together.
As Vermont's senator and a member of the Budget Committee, I will not support a plan to reduce the deficit that does not call for shared sacrifice.
In 1996, Republicans used reconciliation to pass major legislation that ended six decades of welfare policy.
Hillary Clinton understands that a president's job is to worry about future generations, not the short-term profits of the fossil fuel industry.
Hillary Clinton wants to see that all Americans have the right to choose a public option in their health care exchange.
I have known Hillary Clinton for 25 years. I remember her, as you do, as a great first lady who broke precedent in terms of the role that a first lady was supposed to play as she helped lead the fight for universal health care.
We have over 13 million people who supported my candidacy. And I have no doubt that there are some of those people who will not vote for Hillary Clinton.
Usually, I just do what I want, because I got it that way.
I don't listen to a lot of radio today. It's not really music to me.
Providence School of Art students used to sneak into P Funk concerts.
Woo means the ability to entice someone or something to get what you want. My first solo album was called: All the Woo of the Universe, which was titled by George Clinton.
I was known around the college for jamming in the lounge.
I got private lessons in keyboard at Julliard, before New England Conservatory of Music in Boston.
I talk by playing, not by words.
I was born in Long Branch, New Jersey, and no one had ever taught anybody that young, back in those days.
I was born with a natural gift. My mother recognized the talent.
My mother wanted me to be a concert pianist.
People like my voice and say I can sing, but I don't like microphones in front of my face: it distracts me.
Prince presented us at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
The radios are going to dictate. That's another fight. That's another story there. I wish they just let it be.
We used to have a main female vocalist. But she had a baby. Now we do the singing ourselves.
You can be enticed by food, wooed by food, sex, money, or instruments.
As far as arrangements after the basic track is cut, if I'm writing a horn arrangement or playing strings, I might arrange that, plan that out. Other times, I'll just sit and roll tape.
As doctors, we are not trained to communicate and understand the power of our words as they relate to a patient's ability and desire to survive.
Society should see parenting as a public health issue and help parents to bring their children up feeling loved. We have birthing classes, but no parenting classes. The latter is desperately needed if we are to avoid self-destruction.
I was called a 'CD' by a suicidal teenager, who is alive today because I became her 'Chosen Dad,' who loved her. We all have the potential to re-parent ourselves and others.
Your body loves you, but if you do not love your life, it will end it far sooner, thinking it is doing you a favor.
I wish medical schools helped us to analyze our healthy and unhealthy reasons for becoming doctors.
I truly feel the best doctors are ones who are criticized by nurses, patients and family. They do not make excuses and learn from their mistakes.
When one teenager dying of cystic fibrosis asked me, 'Why am I different?' I answered, 'Tony, because it makes you beautiful.' He loved my answer because he knew full well how much he had done for the world and that he would be immortal through his love and the fund raising of those who knew him hoping to find a cure for cystic fibrosis.
I have learned to become not an M.D. but a 'C.D.' for the wounded people I meet. Yes, a 'Chosen Dad' who may not like their behavior but loves and reparents them and helps them to heal their lives and find self-worth and self-esteem and save their lives.
If we had no hope ' for a cure, for winning the lottery, for falling in love, for the end of war, for being free of abuse, or for having food, warmth, clothing, and shelter ' we would have no reason to go on. What you hope for doesn't matter, but rather the essence of hope itself.
I see people who die a few minutes after a doctor tells them there is no hope of a cure. They give up and go. Others get angry and find joy in proving the doctor wrong. Something within them is challenged and hopeful. Hope is the divine motivator.
Life is a miracle, and we need to not fear trying to achieve our potential and reveal the remarkable creation we and all living things are and that our Creator has built into us the ability to induce self-healing.
There is survival behavior, and doctors need to learn from patients who do not die when they are supposed to, instead of saying, 'You're doing very well, so keep doing whatever you are doing.' They should be asking what their patient is doing and pass the information to other patients.
If you talk to your body, it will listen.
Part of my evolution has been to learn how painful most people's childhoods are. They grow up not liking themselves, not loving themselves. Ask people if they were lovable the minute they were born, and watch them sit back and have to think about it. One lady said, 'I suppose so.' That's painful.
We participate and are responsible for a lot of the things that happen to us. If you hate your job, you are much more likely to get sick and die at a younger age than someone who's happy at work and has a nice family life and is mentally well adjusted.
I think some people do want to die, and they will get a disease. There are people who know their lives are so troubled, and their bodies are getting them out of here.
What I try to get physically healthy people to understand is that they're going to die someday. There is no way out. And dying isn't failure, but not living is, so make use of your time. Don't keeping waiting.
We're all here for a limited amount of time, and life is difficult ' not unfair, but difficult. The key is to really confront our fears because when we do, and when we look at them, we really begin to realize that we are capable of handling them.
You can't control the world, but when you control your thoughts, you bring order.
I use music in the operating room to help create a healing environment for patients and staff. There is a reason that certain heart rates are healthy and certain beats of music heal and relax us.
One of the best ways to change is to act as if you are the person you want to become. When you behave as if you are a different person, you change on a very basic level ' even your physiology changes. When actors and actresses perform, their body chemistry is altered by the roles they play.
You can survive tough situations and even turn them to your advantage by acting as if you are the person you want to be. When you act like that person, you can become that person. The hard parts are deciding whom you want to become, being willing to rehearse until you become that person, and forgiving yourself until you do.
I decided to become a surgeon named Bernie who writes books and gives seminars to teach people what he has learned and is still learning about how to deal with life's difficulties.
A surgeon is surrounded by people who are sick, discouraged, afraid, embittered, dying ' but also courageous, loving, wise, compassionate and alive.
An awareness of one's mortality can lead you to wake up and live an authentic, meaningful life.
The mind and body are not separate units, but one integrated system. How we act and what we think, eat, and feel are all related to our health. Physicians should be capable of teaching this behavior to patients.
God wants us to know that life is a series of beginnings, not endings. Just as graduations are not terminations, but commencements. Creation is an ongoing process, and when we create a perfect world where love and compassion are shared by all, suffering will cease.
Feelings aroused by the touch of someone's hand, the sound of music, the smell of a flower, a beautiful sunset, a work of art, love, laughter, hope and faith ' all work on both the unconscious and the conscious aspects of the self, and they have physiological consequences as well.
Most of us never stop to consider our blessings; rather, we spend the day only thinking about our problems. But since you have to be alive to have problems, be grateful for the opportunity to have them.
I know patients who bring a dozen roses to the doctor's office. And, boy, the next visit, nobody forgets that. You come in and hey ' 'Here's the lady who brought the roses' vs. 'Here's the lung cancer.'
There have been many dreams which have been personal guides for me.
When my body gets to the point where I can no longer function or feel gratitude, then I'll leave it and become grateful again. But until then, I will appreciate what I have and not whine about what I don't have. I will feel blessed by life and the opportunity to help others see that they are blessed, too.
When your heart speaks to you about what you need to do to sustain life on this planet, listen to it, make a difference, and be an inspiration for generations to come. Be inspired by people like Gandhi, Mother Teresa, Rosa Parks, Martin Luther King, Christopher Reeve, Albert Schweitzer, Helen Keller, and many others.
The question is not, will there be difficulties and threats to our existence, but how will we deal with them and what can we learn from them. How can they become blessings to society, as a life threatening disease is to an individual, by teaching us about the meaning of our life and existence?
I believe the reason we sleep is not just to allow our body to rest but that it is to allow this inner wisdom to speak to us through symbols. This includes the body or somatic problems as well as psychological ones. Dreams and drawings are useful in diagnosing physical conditions.
Give someone who has faith in you a placebo and call it a hair growing pill, anti-nausea pill or whatever, and you will be amazed at how many respond to your therapy.
Love and peace of mind do protect us. They allow us to overcome the problems that life hands us. They teach us to survive' to live now' to have the courage to confront each day.
Inspiration is the greatest gift because it opens your life to many new possibilities. Each day becomes more meaningful, and your life is enhanced when your actions are guided by what inspires you.
The doctor I would want for myself or for anyone else I cared about would be one who understands that disease is more than just a clinical entity; it is an experience and a metaphor, with a message that must be listened to.
Stories change people while statistics give them something to argue about.
If I were rewriting 'Love, Medicine &amp; Miracles,' I might consider changing its title to 'The Side Effects of Cancer.' Healing is hard work, as is any change one must make in one's life. I and others have learned, however, that the side effects of cancer may not all be bad ones.
For me, consciousness is non-local, not limited to the body, and can exist independent of it.
Mind-body medicine should not be an 'alternative,' nor should complementary and integrative medicine be something doctors are not exposed to during their training.
If God had made a perfect world, it would be a magic trick, not creation, with no meaning or place for us to learn and create. Mankind is not yet ready for a perfect world. We do not know how to appreciate perfection.
True inspiration overrides all fears. When you are inspired, you enter a trance state and can accomplish things that you may never have felt capable of doing.
Being a survivor doesn't mean being strong ' it's telling people when you need a meal or a ride, company, whatever. It's paying attention to heart wisdom, feelings, not living a role, but having a unique, authentic life, having something to contribute, finding time to love and laugh. All these things are qualities of survivors.
Parents, teachers, clergy and physicians change lives with their words. It is hypnotic for a child or patient to hear an authority figure's words. As I am always sharing, 'wordswordswords' can become 'swordswordswords,' and we can kill or cure with either words or swords.
Medicine is a very tough thing. I mean, everyone is going to die. Sooner or later. That's a tough thing to face.
Traditional doctors say I'm a mystic. I don't deny it.
The spiritual message is we lose our lives in pleasing others; if you're the good child who pleases Mommy and Daddy but internalizes anger, you're setting yourself up for disease.
The thing you see in survivors is that they express feelings ' I won't say some of the things they tell their doctors, when doctors tell them they're going to die in six months. Boy, do they let the doctor know how they feel about that statement.
If you think about evolution, sleep, at some time, was a dangerous undertaking. You lie down in your cave or shelter, and along comes a predator and has you for dinner. Many creatures do not sleep or sleep while standing so they can escape from dangerous situations.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecessary tyranny.
War does not determine who is right ' only who is left.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Much that passes as idealism is disguised hatred or disguised love of power.
A happy life must be to a great extent a quiet life, for it is only in an atmosphere of quiet that true joy dare live.
Dogmatism and skepticism are both, in a sense, absolute philosophies; one is certain of knowing, the other of not knowing. What philosophy should dissipate is certainty, whether of knowledge or ignorance.
It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this.
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important.
A sense of duty is useful in work but offensive in personal relations. People wish to be liked, not to be endured with patient resignation.
The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation.
Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse; it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt.
I believe in using words, not fists. I believe in my outrage knowing people are living in boxes on the street. I believe in honesty. I believe in a good time. I believe in good food. I believe in sex.
To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
The most savage controversies are about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way.
The demand for certainty is one which is natural to man, but is nevertheless an intellectual vice.
Admiration of the proletariat, like that of dams, power stations, and aeroplanes, is part of the ideology of the machine age.
Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires.
Religions, which condemn the pleasures of sense, drive men to seek the pleasures of power. Throughout history power has been the vice of the ascetic.
The slave is doomed to worship time and fate and death, because they are greater than anything he finds in himself, and because all his thoughts are of things which they devour.
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
The point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it.
The degree of one's emotions varies inversely with one's knowledge of the facts.
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Neither a man nor a crowd nor a nation can be trusted to act humanely or to think sanely under the influence of a great fear.
We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought.
A life without adventure is likely to be unsatisfying, but a life in which adventure is allowed to take whatever form it will is sure to be short.
The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense of being more than Man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is to be found in mathematics as surely as poetry.
Order, unity, and continuity are human inventions, just as truly as catalogues and encyclopedias.
The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that it is not utterly absurd.
Religions that teach brotherly love have been used as an excuse for persecution, and our profoundest scientific insight is made into a means of mass destruction.
Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don't know.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men; although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths.
Italy, and the spring and first love all together should suffice to make the gloomiest person happy.
Against my will, in the course of my travels, the belief that everything worth knowing was known at Cambridge gradually wore off. In this respect my travels were very useful to me.
Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near the earth's surface relative to other matter; second, telling other people to do so.
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.
The infliction of cruelty with a good conscience is a delight to moralists. That is why they invented Hell.
A process which led from the amoeba to man appeared to the philosophers to be obviously a progress though whether the amoeba would agree with this opinion is not known.
To acquire immunity to eloquence is of the utmost importance to the citizens of a democracy.
Why is propaganda so much more successful when it stirs up hatred than when it tries to stir up friendly feeling?
The pleasure of work is open to anyone who can develop some specialised skill, provided that he can get satisfaction from the exercise of his skill without demanding universal applause.
Those who have never known the deep intimacy and the intense companionship of mutual love have missed the best thing that life has to give.
The universe may have a purpose, but nothing we know suggests that, if so, this purpose has any similarity to ours.
Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines.
In America everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors, for, from the time of Jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal applies only upwards, not downwards.
Conventional people are roused to fury by departure from convention, largely because they regard such departure as a criticism of themselves.
Marriage is for women the commonest mode of livelihood, and the total amount of undesired sex endured by women is probably greater in marriage than in prostitution.
In all affairs it's a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted.
Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Thought is subversive and revolutionary, destructive and terrible, Thought is merciless to privilege, established institutions, and comfortable habit. Thought is great and swift and free.
The secret to happiness is to face the fact that the world is horrible.
If there were in the world today any large number of people who desired their own happiness more than they desired the unhappiness of others, we could have a paradise in a few years.
No; we have been as usual asking the wrong question. It does not matter a hoot what the mockingbird on the chimney is singing. The real and proper question is: Why is it beautiful?
Almost everything that distinguishes the modern world from earlier centuries is attributable to science, which achieved its most spectacular triumphs in the seventeenth century.
If all our happiness is bound up entirely in our personal circumstances it is difficult not to demand of life more than it has to give.
Many people when they fall in love look for a little haven of refuge from the world, where they can be sure of being admired when they are not admirable, and praised when they are not praiseworthy.
The man who can centre his thoughts and hopes upon something transcending self can find a certain peace in the ordinary troubles of life, which is impossible to the pure egoist.
The observer, when he seems to himself to be observing a stone, is really, if physics is to be believed, observing the effects of the stone upon himself.
Liberty is the right to do what I like; license, the right to do what you like.
Ethics is in origin the art of recommending to others the sacrifices required for cooperation with oneself.
I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its Churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
Man is a credulous animal, and must believe something; in the absence of good grounds for belief, he will be satisfied with bad ones.
Reason is a harmonising, controlling force rather than a creative one.
The theoretical understanding of the world, which is the aim of philosophy, is not a matter of great practical importance to animals, or to savages, or even to most civilised men.
It is preoccupation with possessions, more than anything else, that prevents us from living freely and nobly.
Life is nothing but a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim.
There is much pleasure to be gained from useless knowledge.
Mathematics takes us into the region of absolute necessity, to which not only the actual word, but every possible word, must conform.
I've made an odd discovery. Every time I talk to a savant I feel quite sure that happiness is no longer a possibility. Yet when I talk with my gardener, I'm convinced of the opposite.
None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear.
Extreme hopes are born from extreme misery.
Drunkenness is temporary suicide.
Obscenity is whatever happens to shock some elderly and ignorant magistrate.
Boredom is' a vital problem for the moralist, since half the sins of mankind are caused by the fear of it.
The fundamental defect of fathers, in our competitive society, is that they want their children to be a credit to them.
Contempt for happiness is usually contempt for other people's happiness, and is an elegant disguise for hatred of the human race.
There is no need to worry about mere size. We do not necessarily respect a fat man more than a thin man. Sir Isaac Newton was very much smaller than a hippopotamus, but we do not on that account value him less.
To teach how to live without certainty and yet without being paralysed by hesitation is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can do for those who study it.
Many people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so.
Sin is geographical.
So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
Advocates of capitalism are very apt to appeal to the sacred principles of liberty, which are embodied in one maxim: The fortunate must not be restrained in the exercise of tyranny over the unfortunate.
I like mathematics because it is not human and has nothing particular to do with this planet or with the whole accidental universe ' because, like Spinoza's God, it won't love us in return.
Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons.
The coward wretch whose hand and heart Can bear to torture aught below, Is ever first to quail and start From the slightest pain or equal foe.
Freedom of opinion can only exist when the government thinks itself secure.
Man needs, for his happiness, not only the enjoyment of this or that, but hope and enterprise and change.
The secret of happiness is this: let your interests be as wide as possible, and let your reactions to the things and persons that interest you be as far as possible friendly rather than hostile.
Right discipline consists, not in external compulsion, but in the habits of mind which lead spontaneously to desirable rather than undesirable activities.
It seems to be the fate of idealists to obtain what they have struggled for in a form which destroys their ideals.
All movements go too far.
I think we ought always to entertain our opinions with some measure of doubt. I shouldn't wish people dogmatically to believe any philosophy, not even mine.
Democracy is the process by which people choose the man who'll get the blame.
Next to enjoying ourselves, the next greatest pleasure consists in preventing others from enjoying themselves, or, more generally, in the acquisition of power.
The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf.
What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite.
No one gossips about other people's secret virtues.
Patriots always talk of dying for their country and never of killing for their country.
Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.
A hallucination is a fact, not an error; what is erroneous is a judgment based upon it.
Freedom in general may be defined as the absence of obstacles to the realization of desires.
Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd.
There is something feeble and a little contemptible about a man who cannot face the perils of life without the help of comfortable myths.
Men who are unhappy, like men who sleep badly, are always proud of the fact.
Awareness of universals is called conceiving, and a universal of which we are aware is called a concept.
Indignation is a submission of our thoughts, but not of our desires.
I remain convinced that obstinate addiction to ordinary language in our private thoughts is one of the main obstacles to progress in philosophy.
Many a man will have the courage to die gallantly, but will not have the courage to say, or even to think, that the cause for which he is asked to die is an unworthy one.
In the revolt against idealism, the ambiguities of the word experience have been perceived, with the result that realists have more and more avoided the word.
To understand a name you must be acquainted with the particular of which it is a name.
It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age; but, if so, it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that guards the door, and this dragon is religion.
Machines are worshipped because they are beautiful and valued because they confer power; they are hated because they are hideous and loathed because they impose slavery.
Mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
Freedom comes only to those who no longer ask of life that it shall yield them any of those personal goods that are subject to the mutations of time.
The fundamental concept in social science is Power, in the same sense in which Energy is the fundamental concept in physics.
When the intensity of emotional conviction subsides, a man who is in the habit of reasoning will search for logical grounds in favour of the belief which he finds in himself.
I do not pretend to start with precise questions. I do not think you can start with anything precise. You have to achieve such precision as you can, as you go along.
Aristotle could have avoided the mistake of thinking that women have fewer teeth than men, by the simple device of asking Mrs. Aristotle to keep her mouth open while he counted.
If any philosopher had been asked for a definition of infinity, he might have produced some unintelligible rigmarole, but he would certainly not have been able to give a definition that had any meaning at all.
The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.
I decided blacks should not have to experience the difficulties I had faced, so I decided to open a flying school and teach other black women to fly.
The air is the only place free from prejudice.
If I can create the minimum of my plans and desires, there shall be no regrets.
You've never lived till you've flown!
I refused to take no for an answer.
My fault now is making my plays too short.
It's really interesting that whenever you do something that is so out of character, like having an emotional outburst, that you don't get in trouble.
That was always my inclination, to start on a new play before the other one gets done, because at least you'll have something to go back to if that play gets trashed.
You can't just go in there and open your mouth until the cast and director feel comfortable with you.
Some really good things kind of swing both ways and I like to see people that can swing really, really, really sad and horrible and terrible and really, really, really beautiful and funny.
But here's the thing: what you do as a screenwriter is you sell your copyright. As a novelist, as a poet, as a playwright, you maintain your copyright.
In movement class, you had to lie on the floor and get your alignment in to pass the class.
It's called Sisters of the Winter Madrigal. It was interesting for me to see it done after so many years; because I wrote it and I didn't realize what a rage I was in.
My first few plays took place in the South and even The Lucky Spot was in the thirties but in Louisiana.
Plays are so much more special if they've never ever had a production, but I think you can really work on a play and make it better with each production.
Somehow I got to be one of five or six actors that the directors would use as guinea pigs at this directing colloquium, where people pay to listen to and watch the directors direct.
The impetus behind going to graduate school was a year after graduating from college spent in Dallas working at the dog food factory and Bank America and not having met success in my chosen field, which at that point was being an actress.
The next thing I wrote was in a writing class at night school. It was about a poor woman who worked at a dime store and who was all alone for Christmas in Laurel, Mississippi.
Then I went off to Southern Methodist University in Dallas. They had a really wonderful theatre department.
What I loved about the acting class was that you got to think all day long about a person that wasn't you, and figure out why they were sad and what they wanted, what they dreamed.
I did write a couple of original screenplays, but I'd rather write plays.
I grew up in Jackson, Mississippi, really in suburbia, so my mother was in community theatre plays.
I just loved being divorced from my own wretchedness.
I love writing for the screen.
I tried to start a theatre in LA and failed miserably, but I was probably not meant to raise money.
I was just restless with being in school; so I went out to Los Angeles.
I'm very into the first production of the show.
It was kind of enlightening to become a playwright.
Part of that is that New York has proved to be too much fun for me to live and work; I love New York so much.
The most glorious thing about working in the collaborative art is when you have somebody like Susan Kingsley or Kathy Bates who are better than your play.
Then, when I was a senior in high school, I was kind of bereft and she put me in an acting class.
What a miserable thing life is: you're living in clover, only the clover isn't good enough.
It is easier to rob by setting up a bank than by holding up a bank clerk.
No one will improve your lot if you do not yourself.
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.
Don't be afraid of death so much as an inadequate life.
Hungry man, reach for the book: it is a weapon.
Intelligence is not to make no mistakes, but quickly to see how to make them good.
Science knows only one commandment ' contribute to science.
Everyone chases after happiness, not noticing that happiness is right at their heels.
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
People are too durable, that's their main trouble. They can do too much to themselves, they last too long.
Right is its own defense.
Whenever there are great virtues, it's a sure sign something's wrong.
Society cannot share a common communication system so long as it is split into warring factions.
The defeats and victories of the fellows at the top aren't always defeats and victories for the fellows at the bottom.
There are many elements to a campaign. Leadership is number one. Everything else is number two.
The finest plans have always been spoiled by the littleness of them that should carry them out. Even emperors can't do it all by themselves.
Sometimes it's more important to be human, than to have good taste.
One forgets too easily the difference between a man and his image, and that there is none between the sound of his voice on the screen and in real life.
War is like love; it always finds a way.
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Mixing one's wines may be a mistake, but old and new wisdom mix admirably.
No one can be good for long if goodness is not in demand.
Poverty makes you wise but it's a curse.
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.
The law was made for one thing alone, for the exploitation of those who don't understand it, or are prevented by naked misery from obeying it.
Courage, sacrifice, determination, commitment, toughness, heart, talent, guts. That's what little girls are made of.
Strive to find things to be thankful for, and just look for the good in who you are!
It was Jesus who gave me peace when the shark severed my arm. I trust in Jesus whenever I'm going through a hard time. I see all the beautiful things that have come out of my situation. I'm able to share my story with young girls who have few role models, and I can help others cope with what they have been through.
It's easy to look at the things of this world to solve our challenges and obstacles in life, but when we submit our lives to Christ, His grace, mercy, peace and love will bring true fulfillment to our lives.
To lose your everyday life of surfing and being creative on waves, enjoying the ocean ' that's scary to me. It was essential to at least try surfing again and get out there and see how it went.
When I was about five, I gave my heart to Jesus Christ, and since then it's just been a stronghold in my life. Really, through the shark attack and all the hard times that my family and I went through, it gave us unity and perseverance to push through all this crazy stuff that we never knew was going to happen.
We all need that extra friend outside of our immediate family to talk about that extra stuff you wouldn't normally talk to your parents about.
Whatever your situation might be, set your mind to whatever you want to do and put a good attitude in it, and I believe that you can succeed. You are not going to get anywhere just sitting on your butt and moping around.
Love God; love others; do your best in all you do, even if you fall short!
Being out there in the ocean, God's creation, it's like a gift He has given us to enjoy.
Growing up, I was blessed to be part of a great church. This is where I met many friends who have encouraged me in my life to live strong for Christ. My church is a place where I can develop friendships with others that will encourage me in my walk with Christ.
Learning how to deal with people and their reactions to my life is one of the most challenging things' people staring at me, people asking rude questions, dealing with media, stuff like that.
I guess I just like to challenge myself and push myself harder to do things that I don't think I can, to do things that other people do not think I can. It pushes me. I push my own personal limits.
I don't care to be famous. But at the same time, you look at all the role models these little girls have, and they don't have anyone to look up to. I mean, it's weird, but if I just hid out and didn't let myself be known, who would they look up to instead, you know?
I'm a surfer at heart. Both my parents moved to Hawaii in the 1970s, where they met and became Christians. Then they taught me and my two brothers how to love the Lord ' and how to surf!
God created the heavens and the earth, the oceans and the waves for our enjoyment. Surfing is just my way of worshipping Him.
I think it doesn't matter if you are the best surfer in the world. I'm going to try to be the best surfer I can be. It's not all about competing and being the best. It's more about having fun and just doing what you love.
I believe in Jesus Christ, and I believe He gave me the passion and determination to continue surfing. You fall off the horse, and you get back on. I had to go for it.
One arm might handicap me a little in competition, but I just work with what changes I know I have to make, and I'm pretty used to it now. It mainly depends on the wave conditions' I only get half the waves everyone else rides, so mine have to be good!
I'm not a vegetarian by any means; I eat fish. But the problem with shark finning is they catch the shark, cut their fins and throw them back in the ocean, and to me, that's wrong. If you're going to kill an animal, you should use the entire animal and do it humanely. I'm definitely not a big fan.
Doing everything with one arm, being well-known, and having a book and a movie, it's fairly abnormal. As far as just not having to worry about past experiences, I've healed very well.
God will give us the strength to be able to handle things. I mean, you can try to do it on your own, and sometimes you can pull off some stuff, but in the long run, it's much easier with Him by our side.
Like, with one arm I know I can surf, but competitive surfing can be really frustrating, and sometimes you don't do as well as you want to. It can be discouraging at times. But whenever I do get frustrated, I just focus on God.
I enjoy hanging out with friends, going on hikes and playing tennis. I also enjoy Bible study and making dinners. I have a pretty mellow life away from the water.
Surfing for me is more than my lifestyle; it's my passion, my love, and it's a part of me.
I don't know how long I'll be competing, but I'll always be surfing. I'll be surfing until I'm old.
Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments.
Let's be clear, I'm a strong woman.
I thought doing reality TV would be the greatest success of my life or the biggest mistake.
I'm always in my pajamas, unless I know for a fact that people are taking my picture.
I like to look nice, but I'm not marketing being beautiful.
I have the most beautiful daughter in the world and I'm grateful for her.
I like showing moms what it's really like having a baby, and how it's not Hollywood life.
All I ever wanted to do was be able to pay my rent.
Exercise is like an old friend: You may not be able to see that friend all the time, but you're not mad when you see them, you're happy, and you get right back into it.
Bravo can't be responsible for the mental state of every single person that comes onto their network.
You cannot show people only the petals and not the thorns. It's not fair to them.
My recipes aren't geared towards women; my books are marketed towards women because women are the biggest market for weight loss, weight management and weight maintenance and for cooking.
Faith, culture, structure and guidance are good things.
Never eat while doing something else, because you won't get the satisfaction from your food and you'll be more likely to overeat.
Baby wipes are great for everything! For wiping babies' butts, as an eye-makeup remover, to wipe the counter, to clean my hands at the airport, just everything.
I'm a big bath person.
Frankly, I don't trust any diet that doesn't allow sugar.
I can't just only be on reality TV and show everything when it's the fairy princess, fairytale, and then not take my hits when I have to.
The only way I'm interested in having a baby is the old-fashioned way.
I'm scared of the unknown future.
I love pregnancy and the bump and the whole thing.
I never had a true childhood.
I despise shopping and department stores.
In many ways, being pregnant and working were more difficult than motherhood.
Being with my family is my highest priority.
You're alone in your ideas, because you're the only one who knows what's possible.
Life is stressful.
I've often thought if I didn't make my marriage work, I would have failed at my one true shot at happiness.
You have to work for everything. Marriage should not be any different.
I truly don't believe in regret.
Life is hopefully long, so I don't know what the future will bring.
I don't believe in diets.
My books have helped a lot of men to lose weight.
Truthfully, my life is always lunacy.
I can't work without my family being with me.
Love is everywhere.
Until you become a woman you don't know the things that come with being a woman.
My business doesn't keep me warm at night.
I have to be in a relationship where I can say what I feel even if it's wrong ' so we can work through it.
Nothing comes easily for me.
I'm one of those people who have everything in their purses.
It's hard to wind down, but then I beat myself up because I have a tense back.
I didn't binge when I was pregnant.
Food is not your best friend or enemy.
I'm not overly focused on being loved by everybody.
I've always been told I have a giant placenta.
I have always been a business person.
I went onto reality TV as a business decision.
It's my nature to run from relationships, because I have never seen a good one.
I'm very private.
I grew up in a very toxic home.
I never thought I'd be a role model but I think to some people I am or have been.
Hard times always lead to something great.
With over 3 million women battling breast cancer today, everywhere you turn there is a mother, daughter, sister, or friend who has been affected by breast cancer.
Just to see what a pink dress can mean to a woman, any woman, but a disabled woman, that's extra special and thrilling because they shouldn't be separated and their disabilities don't have to separate them in anyway.
You have to hold onto your fantasy.
Real success is being totally indulgent about your own trip. You put your blinders on about the garbage and go full speed ahead.
There is an excitement about having nightmares.
A good use for me is to let me go away with my sewing machine and come back with some really new stuff.
If a girl comes to me first for a prom or a bar mitzvah and she likes the way she looks and her boyfriend likes the way she looks, she'll come back.
I used to design for my body, which was flat-chested with big hips. That's why my clothes were tight on top with full skirts.
In the 60's there was a look. In the 70's there was a look, and in the 80's. Now, it's a free-for-all.
I couldn't live if I wasn't a designer.
I hate to say it, but the truth is that the upscale line is where I get respect as a designer. The higher the price range, the higher the respect level from the industry, even though it's much easier to make a great $500 dress than a great $100 dress.
I was always dancing and acrobatics was my specialty.
If it hadn't been for the rise of the working woman's wardrobe, I never would have found the time to sneak a kid in.
I'm not the type of person who dwells too much on bad things.
My customer isn't wrapped up in labels and money.
I don't like to have time on my wall; it's too-in-your-face.
It's just been so heartwarming to see my clothes on people in wheelchairs and people needing physical support.
I was a cheerleader for nine years!
I'd luv to kiss ya, but I just washed my hair.
The best time I ever had with Joan Crawford was when I pushed her down the stairs in Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?
There are new words now that excuse everybody. Give me the good old days of heroes and villains, the people you can bravo or hiss. There was a truth to them that all the slick credulity of today cannot touch.
In this business, until you're known as a monster you're not a star.
I am just too much.
This has always been a motto of mine: Attempt the impossible in order to improve your work.
I don't take the movies seriously, and anyone who does is in for a headache.
I never did pal around with actresses. Their talk usually bored me to tears.
Oh, don't let's ask for the moon. We've already got the stars.
Gay Liberation? I ain't against it, it's just that there's nothing in it for me.
I'd marry again if I found a man who had fifteen million dollars, would sign over half to me, and guarantee that he'd be dead within a year.
An affair now and then is good for a marriage. It adds spice, stops it from getting boring' I ought to know.
I will not retire while I've still got my legs and my make-up box.
Old age is no place for sissies.
Strong women only marry weak men.
The only reason anyone goes to Broadway is because they can't get work in the movies.
Today everyone is a star ' they're all billed as 'starring' or 'also starring'. In my day, we earned that recognition.
It is my last wish to be burried sitting up.
Everybody has a heart. Except some people.
Hollywood always wanted me to be pretty, but I fought for realism.
I often think that a slightly exposed shoulder emerging from a long satin nightgown packs more sex than two naked bodies in bed.
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage. I'm afraid it did.
I'm the nicest goddamn dame that ever lived.
Life is a jest; and all things show it. I thought so once; but now I know it.
To look back is to relax one's vigil.
If you've never been hated by your child, you've never been a parent.
Attempt the impossible in order to improve your work.
Sex is God's joke on human beings.
That's me: an old kazoo with some sparklers.
The key to life is accepting challenges. Once someone stops doing this, he's dead.
I have often seen an actor laugh off the stage, but I don't remember ever having seen one weep.
I sent my flowers across the hall to Mrs Nixon but her husband remembered what a Democrat I am and sent them back.
Wave after wave of love flooded the stage and washed over me, the beginning of the one great durable romance of my life.
Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade. With it, it becomes creation.
Acting should be bigger than life. Scripts should be bigger than life. It should all be bigger than life.
From the moment I was six I felt sexy. And let me tell you it was hell, sheer hell, waiting to do something about it.
I don't think of myself as a character actress ' that's become a phrase which means you've had it.
I was never very interested in boys ' and there were plenty of them ' vying with one another to see how many famous women they would get into the hay.
I was the Marlon Brando of my generation.
I will never be below the title.
I work to stay alive.
I've always liked men better than women.
Locations are all tough, all miserable. I never left the sound stage for 18 years at Warners. We never went outside the studio, not even for big scenes.
Men become much more attractive when they start looking older. But it doesn't do much for women, though we do have an advantage: make-up.
With the newspaper strike on, I wouldn't consider dying.
I am doomed to an eternity of compulsive work. No set goal achieved satisfies. Success only breeds a new goal. The golden apple devoured has seeds. It is endless.
My passions were all gathered together like fingers that made a fist. Drive is considered aggression today; I knew it then as purpose.
I've lost my faith in science.
In this rat-race everybody's guilty till proved innocent!
We movie stars all end up by ourselves. Who knows? Maybe we want to.
People often become actresses because of something they dislike about themselves: They pretend they are someone else.
I went back to work because someone had to pay for the groceries.
I celebrate everyone's religious holidays. if it's good enough for the righteous, it's good enough for the self-righteous, I always say.
If I could be granted a wish, I'd shine in your eye like a jewel.
I wouldn't say I invented tacky, but I definitely brought it to its present high popularity.
Cherish forever what makes you unique, 'cuz you're really a yawn if it goes.
Group conformity scares the pants off me because it's so often a prelude to cruelty towards anyone who doesn't want to ' or can't ' join the Big Parade.
A lot of people have no access to beauty. When I was growing up, my mother had only a few pretty things to look at.
My idea of superwoman is someone who scrubs her own floors.
When it's three o'clock in New York, it's still 1938 in London.
After thirty, a body has a mind of its own.
I always try to balance the light with the heavy ' a few tears of human spirit in with the sequins and the fringes.
I feel like a million tonight ' but one at a time.
I married a German. Every night I dress up as Poland and he invades me.
I try not to drink too much because when I'm drunk, I bite.
I'd make a wonderful Lady Macbeth. I'll wear a pair of platform shoes or something.
I'm working my way toward divinity.
Writing a book is not as tough as it is to haul thirty-five people around the country and sweat like a horse five nights a week.
If sex is such a natural phenomenon, how come there are so many books on how to do it?
Rap is poetry set to music. But to me it's like a jackhammer.
The worst part of success is to try finding someone who is happy for you.
I never know how much of what I say is true.
I made a pact with myself a long time ago: Never watch anything stupider than you. It's helped me a lot.
I bear no grudges. I have a mind that retains nothing.
I sometimes think I should go back to school to learn French and music, but who would have me?
I hope to keep entertaining in some way until I can't physically entertain any longer. It's what I was born to do, and I love this profession.
My husband calls it winging it ' the way I just took what the studios gave me, didn't do my homework and avoided roles that would risk my image.
As an actor, you're supposed to take jobs that will challenge you or force fans to see you in a different light. By the '90s, I wasn't really an actor anymore. I was someone who went on the road with these gigantic concerts.
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
The feminine mystique has succeeded in burying millions of American women alive.
I was at a meeting two years ago in Beijing, and I passed a bunch of women who were marching in a protest. Their signs were probably saying something I wouldn't have agreed with at all. But I was so glad to see women marching. And it's happening all over the world.
Men are not the enemy, but the fellow victims. The real enemy is women's denigration of themselves.
Men weren't really the enemy ' they were fellow victims suffering from an outmoded masculine mystique that made them feel unnecessarily inadequate when there were no bears to kill.
It is better for a woman to compete impersonally in society, as men do, than to compete for dominance in her own home with her husband, compete with her neighbors for empty status, and so smother her son that he cannot compete at all.
Aging is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength.
We need to see men and women as equal partners, but it's hard to think of movies that do that. When I talk to people, they think of movies of forty-five years ago! Hepburn and Tracy!
A woman is handicapped by her sex, and handicaps society, either by slavishly copying the pattern of man's advance in the professions, or by refusing to compete with man at all.
Man is not the enemy here, but the fellow victim.
I'm a big cockeyed optimist. I try to accentuate the positive as opposed to the negative.
I think older women still have a full life.
Animal lover that I am, a cougar I am not.
I've enjoyed the opposite sex a lot. Always have. Always will.
I always wanted to be a zookeeper when I was growing up, and I've wound up a zookeeper! I've been working with the Los Angeles Zoo for 45 years! I'm the luckiest old broad on two feet because my life is divided absolutely in half ' half animals and half show business. You can't ask for better than two things you love the most.
Hot dogs and Red Vines and potato chips and French fries are my favorite foods.
I didn't know what Facebook was, and now that I do know what it is, I have to say, it sounds like a huge waste of time.
If you're walking with your lady on the sidewalk, I still like to see a man walking street-side, to protect the lady from traffic. I grew up with that, and I hate to see something like that get lost. I still like to see that a man opens the door. I like those touches of chivalry that are fast disappearing.
It's your outlook on life that counts. If you take yourself lightly and don't take yourself too seriously, pretty soon you can find the humor in our everyday lives. And sometimes it can be a lifesaver.
Don't try to be young. Just open your mind. Stay interested in stuff. There are so many things I won't live long enough to find out about, but I'm still curious about them. You know people who are already saying, 'I'm going to be 30 ' oh, what am I going to do?' Well, use that decade! Use them all!
Animals are near and dear to my heart, and I've devoted my life to trying to improve their lives.
During the Depression, my dad made radios to sell to make extra money. Nobody had any money to buy the radios, so he would trade them for dogs. He built kennels in the backyard, and he cared for the dogs.
When I pontificate, it sounds so, you know, Oh, well, she's preaching. I'm not preaching, but I think maybe I learned it from my animal friends. Kindness and consideration of somebody besides yourself. I think that keeps you feeling young. I really do.
I'm not into animal rights. I'm only into animal welfare and health. I've been with the Morris Animal Foundation since the '70s. We're a health organization. We fund campaign health studies for dogs, cats, lizards and wildlife. I've worked with the L.A. Zoo for about the same length of time. I get my animal fixes!
Anger tears me up inside' My own' or anyone else's.
Doing drama is, in a sense, easier. In doing comedy, if you don't get that laugh, there's something wrong.
I've worked with the Los Angeles Zoo for 45 years, and we have this magnificent photographer, Tad Motoyama. He takes these wonderful, wonderful animal pictures. All through the years he's given me copies of these pictures. Well, I have all these gorgeous ones, so I said, 'Tad, I want to do a book with your picture on one side.'
I go out to the kitchen to feed the dog, but that's about as much cooking as I do.
I have a two-story house and a bad memory, so I'm up and down those stairs all the time. That's my exercise.
I may be a senior, but so what? I'm still hot.
A lady likes to be complimented on her looks, her eyes, her figure. But the personality comments are much appreciated.
The bottom line is, I'm blessed with good health. On top of that, I don't go around thinking 'Oh, I'm 90, I better do this or I better do that.' I'm just Betty. I'm the same Betty that I've always been. Take it or leave it.
I don't seem to require a lot of sleep. I just ' if I get four, five good hours, I'm fine. But sleeping is sort of dull. There's a lot of other good stuff that you can do without just lying down and closing your eyes.
A lot of people think this is a goodie two-shoes talking. But we do have a tendency to complain rather than celebrating who we are. I learned at my mother's knee it's better to appreciate what's happening' I think we kind of talk ourselves into the negative sometimes.
My mother and dad were big animal lovers, too. I just don't know how I would have lived without animals around me. I'm fascinated by them ' both domestic pets and the wild community. They just are the most interesting things in the world to me, and it's made such a difference in my lifetime.
You can always tell about somebody by the way they put their hands on an animal.
I'm in the middle of my sixth book, which is about animals at the Los Angeles Zoo.
I enjoy being busy, I really do. Remember, I'm the stub end of the railroad. I have no family, so I'm not taking busy time away from people that I should be spending it with. So I'm just relaxing and enjoying it.
I had to make a major decision with myself because I just don't think you can do both: try to have a baby career and raise it and have a baby baby and raise it. And to try to do justice to either one. It was a very conscious decision on my part not to have children ' which I have never regretted.
I don't care who anybody sleeps with. If a couple has been together all that time ' and there are gay relationships that are more solid than some heterosexual ones ' I think it's fine if they want to get married. I don't know how people can get so anti-something.
I love words. Sudoku I don't get into, I'm not into numbers that much, and there are people who are hooked on that. But crossword puzzles, I just can't ' if I get a puppy and I paper train him and I put the ' if all of a sudden I'd open the paper and there's a crossword puzzle ' 'No, no, you can't go on that, honey. I'll take it.'
I think a lot of people like hidden-camera shows where they think they're spying on somebody who doesn't know they're looking at them. And nobody takes it seriously ' you either enjoy it and get a laugh out of the reactions or not.
I think it's your mental attitude. So many of us start dreading age in high school and that's a waste of a lovely life. 'Oh' I'm 30, oh, I'm 40, oh, 50.' Make the most of it.
I am interested in a lot of things ' not just show business and my passion for animals. I try to keep current in what's going on in the world. I do mental exercises. I don't have any trouble memorizing lines because of the crossword puzzles I do every day to keep my mind a little limber. I don't sit and vegetate.
I just make it my business to get along with people so I can have fun. It's that simple.
Wilderness is harder and harder to find these days on this beautiful planet, and we're abusing our planet to the point of almost no return.
Long ago, I did a five-and-a-half-hour-a-day, six-day-a-week talk show for four years, early on, in Los Angeles ' local show. And when you are on that many hours with no script, you know, you get very comfortable, maybe overly comfortable with that small audience.
A good friend of mine was Lucy Ball. Her mother and my mother were best friends.
Wendy Malick and Valerie Bertinelli make fun of me, but I take care of my health ' I don't abuse it.
Animals don't lie. Animals don't criticize. If animals have moody days, they handle them better than humans do.
Retirement is not in my vocabulary. They aren't going to get rid of me that way.
I like bawdy humor. I love bawdy humor, but not dirty humor.
Why retire from something if you're loving it so much and enjoying it so much, and you're blessed with another group of people to work with like the gang on 'Hot in Cleveland?' Why would I think of retiring? What would I do with myself?
It's a little known fact that one in three family pets gets lost during its lifetime, and approximately 9 million pets enter shelters each year. That's why it's a wonderful thing to get your pet microchipped and registered with your contact information because then they can be located and the owners can track where their pets are.
I don't know where I learned elephants like their tongues slapped. Whatever turns you on.
If you have one good series, you know, it's a blessing. Two good series is unusual. Three is a phenomenon, but right now, I'm working with these wonderful women on 'Hot in Cleveland,' and Valerie Bertinelli, and Wendy Malick and Jane Leeves are like, it's like the buddy-ship we had on 'Golden Girls' and 'Mary Tyler Moore.'
I have my golden retriever now, Pontiac. He's a career-change guide dog from Guide Dogs for the Blind.
I love Cadillacs and name them after birds.
I'm in the acting business. That's the ego business.
The audience today has heard every joke. They know every plot. They know where you're going before you even start. That's a tough audience to surprise, and a tough audience to write for. It's much more competitive now, because the audience is so much more ' I want to say 'sophisticated.'
I think that a show that is as successful as 'The Golden Girls' is a once-in-a-lifetime thing. If you don't feel proud to be part of a show that has that kind of track record, then shame on you, because that's a privilege.
I really don't care with whom you sleep. I just care what kind of a decent human being you are.
I was an only child and I had a mother and father who were just ' there wasn't a straight man in the house, and I mean that in a very nice way. They were fun, and we would laugh a lot.
The writers are the stars of every really successful sitcom.
It's fun once in a while to do a serious part but I really enjoy doing comedy because I love to laugh.
I'm so compulsive about stuff, I know if I had ever gotten pregnant, of course, that would have been my whole focus. But I didn't choose to have children because I'm focused on my career. And I just don't think, as compulsive as I am, that I could manage both.
I kid around a lot, but pranks are not my best strength!
It's been phenomenal, but everybody keeps congratulating me on my resurgence and my big comeback. I haven't been away, guys. I've been working steadily for the last 63 years.
I cannot stand the people who get wonderful starts in show business and who abuse it. Lindsay Lohan and Charlie Sheen, for example, although there are plenty of others, too. They are the most blessed people in the world, and they don't appreciate it.
Of course, nobody's tearing my door down. If you're successful you're going to intimidate and scare off the people you'd like to spend time with. They're not going to approach you. And the ones who do are often there because you are a celebrity.
You know what the problem that animal activists sometimes have? They only concentrate on the heartbreaking things to the point where the general public thinks, 'Oh, here comes those animal folks again and I'm going to hear all the things I don't want to hear.'
Take personal responsibility. A lot of people go, 'Well, I'll get a dog because I have a kid and a kid needs a dog.' And it doesn't work out for that dog and the dog is on the street.
If everyone took personal responsibility for their animals, we wouldn't have a lot of the animal problems that we do. I'm a big spay-and-neuter supporter. Don't have babies if you're not going to take care of those babies. We don't need more. We just need to take care of the ones we have. Take responsibility and breathe kindness.
I was one of the first women producers in Hollywood.
I'm having the time of my life and the fact that I'm still working ' how lucky can you get? I'm 90 years old and still able to work as much as I do. That's a privilege.
Well, I mean, if a joke or humor is bawdy, it's got to be funny enough to warrant it. You can't just have it bawdy or dirty just for the sake of being that ' it's got to be funny.
I'm the luckiest broad on two feet, I'll tell you that. They say once a woman passes 40 she doesn't get any good parts, so I'm blessed.
When we started in television, there was that magic box in the corner of the room, and 'Oh my gosh ' look what it's doing!'
I like double entendre because then the people who get it enjoy it, and the people who don't get it don't know about it.
I don't get political.
I am the luckiest old broad on two feet if the truth were known. It's ' but it all goes back to 'Mary Tyler Moore,' 'Golden Girls,' all those ' actors love to take the credit. We couldn't do it without the writers.
I'm not what you might call sexy, but I'm romantic. Let's put it that way.
I have the backbone of an eel.
I stayed in show business to pay for my animal business.
I just want to bring as much natural as I can. I'm not saying that people who take acting lessons are false. They're much better than I am, but it doesn't work for me.
If you get into a Broadway show and it doesn't work, you're a failure. And if it does work, you may be stuck for who knows how long. It just doesn't sound great to me!
I've worked with Morris Animal Foundation for more than 40 years now, and I'm so proud of all they've done to advance veterinary medicine for animals worldwide.
When I realized I could use Facebook as a way to communicate directly with my fans, I thought it would be a great idea.
I didn't start out writing to give children hope, but I'm glad some of them found it.
In my grammar school years back in the 1920s I used my ten-cents-a-week allowance for Saturday matinees of Douglas Fairbanks movies. All that swashbuckling and leaping about in the midst of the sails of ships!
Children should learn that reading is pleasure, not just something that teachers make you do in school.
I think the best teachers had a real interest in the subject they were teaching and a love for children. Some of the teachers were just doing their job, but others had that little extra. They really cared about children and they wore pretty dresses.
I hope children will be happy with the books I've written, and go on to be readers all of their lives.
In 50 years, the world has changed, especially for kids, but kids' needs haven't changed. They still need to feel safe, be close to their families, like their teachers, and have friends to play with.
I don't think children's inner feelings have changed. They still want a mother and father in the very same house; they want places to play.
What interests me is what children go through while growing up.
I write in longhand on yellow legal pads.
One rainy Sunday when I was in the third grade, I picked up a book to look at the pictures and discovered that even though I did not want to, I was reading. I have been a reader ever since.
My mother always kept library books in the house, and one rainy Sunday afternoon ' this was before television, and we didn't even have a radio ' I picked up a book to look at the pictures and discovered I was reading and enjoying what I read.
I wanted to be a ballerina. I changed my mind.
Writers are good at plucking out what they need here and there.
Quite often somebody will say, What year do your books take place? and the only answer I can give is, In childhood.
I was a great reader of fairy tales. I tried to read the entire fairy tale section of the library.
I was a very observant child. The boys in my books are based on boys in my neighborhood growing up.
I particularly enjoy cello music because our daughter plays the cello. I have listened to her practice for so many hours that I am familiar with the music written for that instrument. I am also fond of the popular music of the 1930s because my future husband and I danced to it so many Saturday nights when we were in college.
Ramona was originally an accidental character I added to the Henry Huggins books because I noticed that none of the characters had siblings. I added Ramona as Beazus' pestering little sister.
I had a very wise mother. She always kept books that were my grade level in our house.
With twins, reading aloud to them was the only chance I could get to sit down. I read them picture books until they were reading on their own.
I read my books aloud before they were published.
I don't think children themselves have changed that much. It's the world that has changed.
I enjoy writing for third and fourth graders most of all.
I grew up before there were strict leash laws.
I don't necessarily start with the beginning of the book. I just start with the part of the story that's most vivid in my imagination and work forward and backward from there.
I think the best teachers had a real interest in the subject they were teaching and a love for children.
When you love and accept yourself, when you know who really cares about you, and when you learn from your mistakes, then you stop caring about what people who don't know you think.
If everything was perfect, you would never learn and you would never grow.
For me, it's about the way I carry myself and the way I treat other people. My relationship and how I feel about God and what He does for me, is something deeply personal. It's where I came from, my family, I was brought up in a religious household and that's very important to me.
I'm a human being and I fall in love and sometimes I don't have control of every situation.
Y'all are so cute and y'all talk so proper over here. I love England.
I feel like you get more bees with honey. But that doesn't mean I don't get frustrated in my life. My way of dealing with frustration is to shut down and to think and speak logically.
Whenever I'm confused about something, I ask God to reveal the answers to my questions, and he does.
When you really don't like a guy, they're all over you, and as soon as you act like you like them, they're no longer interested.
When I was writing the Destiny's Child songs, it was a big thing to be that young and taking control. And the label at the time didn't know that we were going to be that successful, so they gave us all control. And I got used to it.
You know what, I'm very attracted to someone who makes me laugh and is that charming. Really, I could be charmed by anyone. I'm just a sucker for somebody that is charming.
My fans kept asking where they could get clothes like Destiny's Child's, so it was only natural for us to do a clothing line.
I wanted to sell a million records, and I sold a million records. I wanted to go platinum; I went platinum. I've been working nonstop since I was 15. I don't even know how to chill out.
I think it's healthy for a person to be nervous. It means you care ' that you work hard and want to give a great performance. You just have to channel that nervous energy into the show.
We all have special numbers in our lives, and 4 is that for me. It's the day I was born. My mother's birthday, and a lot of my friends' birthdays, are on the fourth; April 4 is my wedding date.
Power means happiness; power means hard work and sacrifice.
We all have our imperfections. But I'm human, and you know, it's important to concentrate on other qualities besides outer beauty.
Who I am on stage is very, very different to who I am in real life.
I'm over being a pop star. I don't wanna be a hot girl. I wanna be iconic. And I feel like I've accomplished a lot. I feel like I'm highly respected, which is more important than any award or any amount of records. And I feel like there comes a point when being a pop star is not enough.
I don't really like to call myself a brand, and I don't like to think of myself as a brand. I'm a singer, a songwriter, a musician and a performer. And an actress, and all the other things that I do. When you add it all together, some might call it a brand, but that's not my focus.
I always have breakfast, say, scrambled egg whites, a vegetable smoothie, or whole-grain cereal with low-fat milk. For lunch and dinner, I eat a lot of fish and vegetables. And throughout the day, I try to stay hydrated.
I always treat myself to one meal on Sundays when I can have whatever I want. Usually it's pizza, which is my favorite indulgence.
I can never be safe; I always try and go against the grain. As soon as I accomplish one thing, I just set a higher goal. That's how I've gotten to where I am.
I remember being in Japan when Destiny's Child put out 'Independent Women,' and women there were saying how proud they were to have their own jobs, their own independent thinking, their own goals. It made me feel so good, and I realized that one of my responsibilities was to inspire women in a deeper way.
I hold a lot of things in. I'm always making sure everybody is okay. I usually don't rage; I usually don't curse. So for me, it's a great thing to be able to scream and say whatever I want.
I love a pair of sexy heels with jeans, a nice jacket, or a little dress.
I'm a people pleaser. I hold a lot of things in. I'm always making sure everybody is okay. I usually don't rage; I usually don't curse.
I like to walk around with bare feet and I don't like to comb my hair.
I grew up in a very nice house in Houston, went to private school all my life and I've never even been to the 'hood. Not that there's anything wrong with the 'hood.
I grew up upper-class. Private school. My dad had a Jaguar. We're African-American, and we work together as a family, so people assume we're like the Jacksons. But I didn't have parents using me to get out of a bad situation.
I know I'm stronger in the songs than I really am. Sometimes I need to hear it myself. We all need to hear those empowering songs to remind us.
The more successful I become, the more I need a man.
I get nervous when I don't get nervous. If I'm nervous I know I'm going to have a good show.
The great thing about McDonald's is that they have a lot of different things on the menu. I love their salads.
My fans kept asking where they could get clothes like 'Destiny's Child's', so it was only natural for us to do a clothing line. I was adamant about not putting my name on something that I didn't love.
If he invited you out, he's got to pay.
I just hope people don't get sick of us. I'm sick of us and I'm in Destiny's Child.
Diana Ross is a big inspiration to all of us. We all grew up watching everything about her ' her mike placement, her grace, her style and her class.
If I weren't performing, I'd be a beauty editor or a therapist. I love creativity, but I also love to help others. My mother was a hairstylist, and they listen to everyone's problems ' like a beauty therapist!
I mean, I feel like you get more bees with honey. But that doesn't mean I don't get frustrated in my life.
We're African-American and we work together as a family, so people assume we're like the Jacksons. But I didn't have parents using me to get out of a bad situation.
I always try to be myself. Ever since I was an introverted kid, I'd get on stage and be able to break out of my shell.
I've worn dresses from all different price ranges, and the thing that couture dresses have in common is that the fit is amazing.
Tina Turner is someone that I admire, because she made her strength feminine and sexy.
I am really proud that I am one of the artists that has the opportunity to be on magazine covers and to be in the movies.
I discovered after going to music festivals that I am a rock fan. I love the guitars, the phrasing, and the abandon of rock fans.
Playing Etta James in the movie 'Cadillac Records' really changed me. It was a darker character, and I realized that if anything is too comfortable, I want to run from it. It's no fun being safe.
In my videos, I always want to be a powerful woman. That's my mission.
There are a lot of things I never did, because I believe in watching those true Hollywood stories and I see how easy it is to lose track of your life.
One of the reasons I connect to the Super Bowl is that I approach my shows like an athlete.
I love my job, but it's more than that: I need it.
I truly believe that women should be financially independent from their men. And let's face it, money gives men the power to run the show. It gives men the power to define value. They define what's sexy. And men define what's feminine. It's ridiculous.
I just try to write songs that people are going to have a dialogue about.
Nature is something outside our body, but the mind is within us.
There also is the plight that comes from natural disasters; these natural disasters could be alleviated or dealt with; we only need some time to do it.
Some say that now that 50 years have passed, we would like another 50 more years to celebrate once again; that means it will be 100 years. After one hundred years, I will be 118 years old.
It could be argued that, in Thailand, many foreigners have come and gone, and the number of people who are considered to be Thai have traveled abroad in a great number.
The will to work of everyone in the country is the best guarantee of national survival.
Many other countries in this world are in a difficult situation, and all the Thai people are probably worried about the fate of Thailand: whether the country would survive or not.
There may be some people in the country who forget to perform their duty. You should set an example by doing your job with honesty and faithfulness.
Goodness is something that makes us serene and content; it is magnificent. Those who are not good are evil.
Therefore, I think that in the celebration of the 50 years of the present reign, there must be research on the changes that the country has undergone, and in the future, it could be used as a lesson for our future actions.
A good person can make another person good; it means that goodness will elicit goodness in the society; other persons will also be good.
I have been extremely touched by these signs of affection on the part of all the Thai people.
People get angry at others who express a different opinion, while, in fact, they should be angry at themselves. But we must be angry at ourselves the most when we say something today, only to say something else tomorrow.
The attainment of the present status of Thailand has to depend on the ability or the actions of all the inhabitants of the country.
The King has a right to make political remarks. He is a Thai citizen and has his rights and freedoms under the Constitution. Each of you is under the Constitution, and so is the King. I am using my freedom under the Constitution.
If a great destruction occurs in Bangkok, then the country as a whole is also destroyed. In such a case, what is the point of anyone feeling proud to be the winner, when standing on a pile of ruins and rubble?
Support each other as is needed to achieve goals for the benefit of the people and the nation's security.
In Thailand's history there have been dissensions from time to time, but in general, unity has prevailed.
They say that a kingdom is like a pyramid: the king on top and the people below. But in this country, it's upside down.
If they want to write about me in a good way, they should write how I do things that are useful.
Without unity, the country will face disaster.
Our country will be stabilized, with all key establishments in society working in unity with full awareness among Thais of their duties and responsibilities.
We need to inspire and give each other confidence so that the work we do will be fruitful for the well-being of the people and the stability and security of the country.
We must use the wrath of nature as our teacher.
When people have compassion, friendship, and unity, they speak and think in a constructive way to ensure national independence and prosperity.
If Thai citizens still hold this harmony in their hearts, there is hope that in whatever the situation, Thailand will surely get through it safely and with stability.
It is a duty of everyone to cooperate and help each other.
I am concerned because even in the past two years that were the jubilee years, I have seen evident signs which show that the people are still in great difficulties, and there are things that still need to be remedied and looked after in many areas.
My mother praised me when I did something good, and then the next moment, she would say, 'Don't float.' She put me in a balloon and then pricked it.
Everyone must correct his own self; this is something more difficult to cope with, but it is not impossible.
Thailand was built on compassion.
It is true, there are many bad people; there are more of them than in the past, but that is because there are more people, meaning the population has tripled; there must be three times more bad people.
The important thing for the survival of the Thai society is that the majority of those who work, both in the government and the private sector, still strive to work in the same direction; this is why the Thai nation still stands.
If you work well, the country will be in good order, and it will be a blessing to the country. The country needs good care.
It is useless to live on burned ruins.
I became inspired while I was listening to music on the radio. I felt the music in my head sounded better, so I turned off the radio and scribbled it down on a piece of paper. I remember that it was in May. People liked that song. They said it was beautiful. I felt overjoyed.
Since that time up until the present time, there have been progress, and changes all through the time. The changes have not come by themselves; these changes have come from the doings of everyone in the country.
If they want to criticize me, I don't care; I don't mind. But they must criticize me fairly. Usually, the criticism is not fair. Or the praise, even the praise sometimes is not fair.
My philosophy has been to take things day by day. When I talk about this philosophy, it makes people perhaps a little surprised.
Everybody needs to lower his ego.
If we can find a way to keep floodwater in reserve and to use it when it's needed, it will be a double boon.
I want to see peace in the country.
I know things, but I shut my mouth. They don't want me to speak, so I don't speak.
If you can ensure happiness and public order, the country will go ahead well, just like what all Thais want.
There is an English saying that the king is always happy, or, 'happy as the king' ' which is not true at all. But I can be as happy as a king if all of you know what is right and what is wrong and cooperate to fix things.
The most important thing is you should not be split or fighting each other.
Having an election with only one candidate running is impossible. This is not a democracy.
Section 7 of the Constitution doesn't grant a power for the king to do whatever he wishes.
Bangkok is a toilet without a flush.
Asking for a royally appointed prime minister is undemocratic. It is, pardon me, a mess. It is irrational.
Why is it that the king can do no wrong? This shows they do not regard the king as being a human. But the king can do wrong.
Western people ask me whether it is a paradox that I am King but support democracy. I have to tell them that in Thailand, the King is the guarantor of democracy.
I am not afraid if the criticism concerns what I do wrong, because then I know. Because if you say the King cannot be criticized, it means that the King is not human.
When I'm home, I cook my own dinner, all organic.
I feel like when you're a celebrity, people dehumanize you and they forget you're a real person.
I'm a Detroit player, they set styles.
I feel like I changed hip-hop.
People don't realize I'm a very spiritual person.
I think a lot of my fans are anxious for more than just my singles. They know I'm a dreamer. They know I'm someone who is real spiritual. I love to have fun, and I always have fun songs ' songs you can party to. But I also always have songs you can live to, that when you're depressed, it may lift your spirits up.
I usually sing a lot on my mixtapes. I sing a lot on songs that just really aren't singles. Even my first single, 'My Last,' which I feel like is more pop than anything ' I was originally singing the chorus on there. I'm used to that. I've always had fresh melodies.
I feel like 'Beware' is a heartfelt song ' it's something that is definitely a story, something that I cultivated from personal stories, some from just other stories in just wanting to make a good song.
You're in good spirits when you create and produce great music. All situations inspire music in different ways, man, from good situations, bad situations, depression, falling in love, falling out of love. I've been going through all those type of things.
I still got a lot to learn about fashion. I'm somebody who experiments, somebody who's finding their way. I'm young, and I don't really know if there's any guide to style in what's right and what's wrong. I just dress as an extension of how I'm feeling. If I feel crazy, then I'm gonna rock something crazy.
You can go up to the editor of 'Vogue,' and she might think I have horrible style, or maybe she thinks I have great style. Who knows? I don't really know too much about it: I just know what I like and what I don't like. I love clothes and making my own clothes and shoes, like I got to do with Adidas.
G.O.O.D. Music is just real tastemakers, man. Kanye's a real tastemaker. One thing that I feel is tight about G.O.O.D. is that a lot of people have their own style, and you can see that. My style is different than Pusha's, it's different than Cudi's. But it's also slightly similar 'cause we have some similar tastes.
I feel like I definitely have a real sporty style, more so than a lot of people in G.O.O.D. Music.
Kids that I went to school with didn't know how to interact with black people like that. There were only, like, three or four black kids in the class.
I come from a family of scholars who got their Master's degrees. To my grandma ' and to a lot of people ' an education was a way of making it out of the worst parts of their life.
My music is the essence of Detroit. At one time, we were the center of the world, man ' Motor City.
I grew up on the west side of Detroit ' 6 mile and Wyoming ' so I was really in the 'hood. And I would go to school at Detroit Waldorf, and that was not the 'hood. Growing up in Detroit was good. I had a good perspective, a well-rounded one, and not being one-sided.
Definitely just growing up in general influenced me; Detroit happened to be where I was. I feel like the city definitely has made an impact on my life and made me who I am. Detroit has an unmistakable soul ' nobody can duplicate the soul we bring to the game. From Motown to J Dilla to Eminem to anything.
Fame necessarily isn't really tied to success at all. Fame is just being recognized for doing what you do, whether it's good or bad. Osama bin Laden was famous.
As a crew, G.O.O.D. Music is taking it to levels that really haven't been done collectively. Kanye is someone who knows how to make classic albums, a true thinker. He got me in the mindset of being a true thinker and always planning out every move you got going.
It just makes you a better artist when you're with people who are great artists themselves. Being around Kanye, soaking up all the knowledge, all the stuff he got.
I don't really write any of my raps down. The same, Kanye don't write any of his raps down. Common. It's easy that way. For me, personally, I figure I will lose some of the inspiration in the time of me writing it down, or I'll say it a certain way because I wrote it a certain way.
Yeah, I record on voice memos. I got like 1,000-something memos. If I'm in the middle of something and I can't get it done, I'll jot it down, but I never write a rap out, ever.
It was probably in third grade ' I had a super-fake gold herringbone chain. Yeah man, it was, like, super fake. I don't remember if it was my mom's or how I got it, but ever since then, I've loved chains. The first real chain I got was from Kanye. It was a Jacob the Jeweler Kanye West Jesus piece.
I just knew what I wanted to be since the third grade. And I always did well in school. I was the type to get good grades; I never really got below Cs or nothing like that. I always kept it A-B. But there's no school for rap.
Sometimes eight chains go together really well, depending on the length ' how short they are, how small they are.
I think gold is made for kings and pharaohs ' that's what I am.
I just remember I wanted to make my own dynasty and not keep following trends. I wanted to make my own.
My mom graduated from the University of Michigan, which is a great school. Then she got her Master's from NYU. She wanted to be an actress, so when she graduated, she had a dream, and she started following it. She moved to New York and took acting classes with people like Denzel Washington.
It's a real player move to take a girl wine-tasting on a date ' she'll like that.
People who tend to listen to my music have come back and said, 'Yo, this is my anthem. This is what I live by.'
With the super duper flow, I created that one word rhyme style.
The thing was, at a young age, my mom and my grandma always tried to keep me out of the streets as much as they could, so they put me in a private school when I was super young.
Even though it's tiring, I'm having the time of my life.
I definitely consider myself a Christian. There's things that I believe in, there's things I have a self-belief on. I know I got a great relationship with God and the universe. I just believe in being a righteous person and karma. Doing unto others as you would have done unto you. I really want to help teach that.
I want to change the world. I want to be a part of culture. I want to help teach.
I feel like I'm able to relate to all races of people because when you learn to tap into the raw emotion of a person, that goes past color.
There's definitely a thin line between being tasteful and tacky.
Sometimes I feel like putting on a blazer with just a T-shirt.
I get sick all the time because I get no rest and sleep, but it's definitely worth it.
I got this tiger head ring that's similar to a Cartier ring. I had my jeweler Sean from Detroit make it similar to the Cartier ring, but gold and diamonded-out. That's my Detroit tiger. It's made with two different golds ' the bottom is yellow and the top is gold.
I wanted to make the soundtrack of people's lives.
For me, personally, Detroit is a melting pot for everything. We get the best from the East Coast, West Coast and down South.
Being in the Midwest, you get the best of all worlds and add your own flavor to it.
I waste a lot of money buying the same pair of shoes.
I never look at it like I'm wasting money when I'm buying gold.
I'm really vulnerable onstage because it's just me. I'm not really trying to put up a front or act a certain way.
When I graduated from high school, the teacher said I was throwing my life away following music, and the same teacher invited me back to speak at the school. I don't say that to brag, I just want to be an example.
I was a telemarketer in my senior year at high school. I had to sell prosthetic limbs to paralysed veterans. I was making 150 bucks a week and it was horrible.
I hate all the old pictures of me before 2010 ' and they are always the first ones to come up. That's why I don't Google myself, man.
I've definitely stolen a lot of things.
I feel I can really relate to a lot of young people.
So many people are stealing Bikram Yoga. It's like you're practicing medicine, but you're not a doctor.
If you don't suffer, you don't get anything. Nothing easy in life.
I like money. You like money. We need the money. But, money is not going to bring humanity and spiritualism into your life.
I started with nothing. Zero.
I bought a 1964 Bentley for $1,600 and re-built it over five years. When I drove it in Tokyo after that, it was the pride of the road. That car would command at least $150,000 today because 'Bikram' has restored it.
Indians do not like Indian teachers; they prefer foreigners, but there is a huge demand for Indian teachers around the world.
Why must everyone need a doctorate to teach? You can be a graduate from my institute in two months and for $11,000.
You cannot drive the car if you do not have a driver's license. You cannot do brain surgery if you are not a brain surgeon. You cannot even do a massage if you don't have a license.
One student was mixing my yoga up with other kinds, and I said, 'No, you cannot do that.' You cannot put calamari in the sushi and call it sushi.
I guarantee you, yoga will compete with computers, music, sports, automobiles, the drug industry. Yoga will take over the world!
Nothing in the world can take my peace away from me.
I am tough, and sometimes I tell it like it is. Tough love can work wonders.
Growing up in Bombay, I saw many sick people.
For months, I slept at work, even though I had an apartment. I'd fall asleep on the floor at 4:30 A.M. By 7 A.M., I was up and ready to start teaching every class.
I always teach celebrities, all my life.
I don't listen to anybody. You need my help: Come to me, shut up, forget who you are. I will take care of you. And I do my job.
I have the biggest and the longest mouth in the world. Everybody's scared of my mouth.
If you do Bikram Yoga, you exercise your body 100 percent.
If you want to live a hundred years, how do you want to live your life? At the age of 100, you should go shopping with your great-grandchildren, but not in a wheelchair.
Do you know, every yoga school in India is free?
In America, they say, you can take a horse to the pond, but you can't make him drink. My way is different. I only take the horse to the pond to make him drink. If he doesn't, I'll cut his head off.
American men are like women.
Yoga competition is an old Indian tradition.
It wasn't easy in the 1970s when I initially started on my mission ' to take yoga to the world. Nobody knew what it was in Japan. When I met Bill Clinton for the first time, he asked me if it was a form of yogurt that you eat! But I kept my faith and never gave up on my quest.
When President Ronald Reagan asked me a stupid question once, I called him an idiot in public! I thought I was going to be arrested, but he laughed and appreciated me.
When actress Shirley Maclaine arrived 30 minutes late for a class, I asked her to leave.
You go to Starbucks, and you know what you're going to get. It's the same with my yoga.
The meaning of yoga is connection of mind, body and spirit. If you have a bad telecommunication system, your body gets sick. Yoga helps fix that.
I have both English bulldog determination and Bengal tiger strength.
I didn't come here without a visa, like everyone from China and Vietnam and Cuba. I came here by special plane' received by the ambassador, by the president of the United States. I should be the most honored man in your country.
Negative attitude is nine times more powerful than positive attitude.
If you can, you must.
Truth is the most bitter to accept, swallow and digest it. The moment you speak truth, you lose your popularity. But I don't care.
There's nothing wrong with material things as long as you don't lie, cheat and steal.
You use the body as a medium to bring the mind back to the brain. Perfect married between body and mind. Then, you can knock the door to the spirit.
Natural hydration is a key factor in any type of sports performance.
Any kind of problem you have in your life, you come to Bikram. Your life becomes the best in the world.
I fix the human chassis, I tune up human engines, I recharge human batteries, and I adjust human transmissions.
I have so many choices in America; it's home to so many good things. I'm smart enough to enjoy all the good things that are offered.
Maintaining spirituality and humanism are the keys to success. It's a balance.
Since my asana techniques increase circulation to all organs in the body and increase lung efficiency, I recommend Bikram Balance natural whole food beverage as a way to provide all the critical nutrients to oxygenate the blood and restore the acid/alkaline balance.
Yoga in America is a joke.
My system works, as long as people let me do my job my way. It is not just the sequence, it is how you do it: the timing, the mirrors, the temperature, the carpet. But if people only do it 99% right, it is 100% wrong. When someone tries to mess with it, the people won't get the yoga benefits.
Most researchers sit at a table and read books. My research, since three years old, has been to use my own body.
Worry makes you sick. Worry less, live as long as you like.
America's biggest problem is too much freedom.
Yoga only works one way.
I always forgave my students, like Jesus.
Lady Gaga listens to me. Her mantra is only one word ' 'Bikram' ' because Bikram makes her what she is today. It works.
You cannot steal somebody's intellectual property. Law and justice protect.
Because I'm a sweet, kind guy, everybody thinks I'm an idiot, I'm weak.
I'm a yogi, not a businessman.
I don't have to come up with a ha-ha belly laugh every day, but drawings with warmth and love or ones that put a lump in the throat. That's more important to me than a laugh.
They invented hugs to let people know you love them without saying anything.
I didn't always spell my name Bil. My parents named me Bill, but when I started drawing cartoons on the wall, they knocked the 'L' out of me.
In Roslyn, Pennsylvania, we started our real-life family circus. They provided the inspiration for my cartoons. I provided the perspiration.
I like to feel that what I'm doing portrays this: a family where there is love between mother, father and the kids. It's a subject that is near and dear to me.
A hug is like a boomerang ' you get it back right away.
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
I think it's a novelty for cartoon characters to cross over into another strip or panel occasionally.
Many of my cartoons are not a belly laugh. I go for nostalgia, the lump in the throat, the tear in the eye, the tug in the heart.
I don't just try to be funny.
On radio and television, magazines and the movies, you can't tell what you're going to get. When you look at the comic page, you can usually depend on something acceptable by the entire family.
We are, in the comics, the last frontier of good, wholesome family humor and entertainment.
I never studied art, but taught myself to draw by imitating the New Yorker cartoonists of that day, instead of doing my homework.
When I was in high school at Northeast Catholic in Philadelphia in the late '30s, I found that drawing caricatures of the teachers and satirizing the events in the school, then having them published in our school magazine, got me some notoriety.
Many of the network television shows have done takeoffs on 'Family Circus,' including 'David Letterman,' 'Friends,' 'Roseanne,' and others, and, in my estimation the use of them is a compliment to the popularity of the feature, which just by mentioning it's name sets up the image of a warm, loving family-type feature.
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
Leadership is unlocking people's potential to become better.
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!'
For a long time, I operated under the Chinese proverb that there are four kinds of leaders: those who you laugh at, those who you hate, those who you love and those who you don't even know that they're leaders.
Fans love McGwire for his powerful physique, for his on-field hugs of his son, the part-time bat boy. He is Big Mac, or Paul Bunyan in Cardinals red with a white-ash bat instead of an ax.
One-third of all professional baseball players come from Latin America, and Sosa is following role models such as the late Roberto Clemente, a Puerto Rican, from whom he adopted the No. 21. Now he is a model for others.
In Atlanta, with a large African-American population, Sosa is often considered a black man. In Miami and Los Angeles, with larger Hispanic populations, he is a Latino man, and the black label is rejected as robbing Hispanics of a hero.
Brand names are well known to business school professors, but only one professor is a brand name herself. Call her Professor Oprah.